Scenarios Objectives -- ATHZ - INPV (#609)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/07-Input_Validation_Testing/10-Testing_for_IMAP_SMTP_Injection.md

- Information leaks
- Relay/SPAM

## Test Objectives

- Identify IMAP/SMTP injection points.

> - Understand the data flow and deployment structure of the client.
> - Assess the command injection severity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Understand the data flow and deployment structure of the system.
- Assess the injection impacts.
```
